Well, OK, have sex with this girl. Right now. Get in there, have some sex with her. I know, I just call her Annabelle cause she's shaped like a…she's the belle of the ball! Buster, what are you doing with mother's rape horn?

Well, they got the Asian right… "hotties" might be a stretch. Stop it, stop it. This objectification of women has to stop. Michael: It's just Mom and whores. But I didn't take wasn't optimistic it could be done for an answer. Wine only turns to alcohol if you let it sit. Look at us, crying like a bunch of girls on the last day of camp. Gosh Mom… after all these years, God's not going to take a call from you. ♪♪ Somewhere… over the rainbow… there's another rainbow… ♪♪ That's the first time we were in the shower since our honeymoon. And this time, no tears.

I've made a huge tiny mistake. But I'm the oldest. The matriarch if you will. I got Michael out of his marriage, didn't I? Actually, she died. Excuse me while I circumvent you. The old reach-around. Well, Michael, I did not find their buffoonery amusing. ♪♪ It ain't easy being white… ♪♪ Mom… after all these years, God's not going to take a call from you. Oh, I'm sorry, I forgot… your wife is dead!

So you take your mom to work every day? Bummer. Moms are such a pain in the ass, huh? It's, like, die already! She calls it a mayonegg. Michael, you are not quite the ladies man I had pictured. Hopefully, we will remedy that when we are in the spa spreading body chocolate on each other.

Ah, it is a rock, though. Should beat everything. Gob: There's not a lot of logic to it. GENE!! [screams] Heart attack never stopped old big bear. Well, if you want to play Eve, you got to get in line behind what, above five homos. Well, obviously, I'm not a big guy. I'm not a Carl Weathers, par example.

Hey, Dad. Look at you. You're a year older…and a year closer to death. Buster: Oh yeah, I guess that's kind of funny. I made a huge tiny mistake. She's always got to wedge herself in the middle of us so that she can control everything. Yeah. Mom's awesome. I didn't mean who… I meant… her? Buster's in what we like to call a light to no coma. In laymans terms, it might be considered a very heavy nap. Oh, COME ON!

First I blow him, then I poke him. And I am rock steady. No more dizzies. Hey, it was one night of wild passion! And yet you didn't notice her body? I like to look in the mirror. Speaking of settling, how's Ann? It was the first taste of alcohol Buster had since he was nursing. Those are balls.

Did Ted make an appointment? No. Well then Ted can GET THE HELL OUT OF THIS OFFICE! YOU GET THE HELL OUT! If you're suggesting I play favorites, you're wrong. I love all of my children equally. [earlier] I don't care for Gob.

But I'm the oldest. The matriarch if you will. And with deep, deep concentration and, and great focus, he's often able to achieve an erect– ♪♪ Somewhere… over the rainbow… there's another rainbow… ♪♪ For there's a man inside me, and only when he's finally out, can I walk free of pain.

What's gotten into you? Have you been eating cheese? Hahahahah! For there's a man inside me, and only when he's finally out, can I walk free of pain. Turn this skiff around! Stack the chafing dishes outside by the mailbox. I'm on the job.

I don't care if it takes from now till the end of Shrimpfest. Probably out there without a flipper, swimming around in a circle, freaking out his whole family. Douche chill! The Army had half a day. I cheated and I lied and I whored around. Someone order 140 pounds of upper body strength? Her lawyers are claiming the seal is worth $250,000. And that's not even including Buster's Swatch.

Tobias is Queen Mary. See for more good stuff. Can you believe that the only reason the club is going under is because it's in a terrifying neighborhood? It's as Ann as the nose on Plain's face.

It just seems like there's still light coming in from under the door. Hey, it was one night of wild passion! Michael: And yet you didn't notice her body? Gob: I like to look in the mirror. Even though sooooo many people in this office are begging for it. He also said some things African American-y wasn't ready to hear. And I am rock steady. No more dizzies. Even though so many people in this office are begging for it.

Go ahead, touch the cornballer. Turn this skiff around! Look at us, crying like a couple of girls on the last day of camp. No one was making fun of Andy Griffith. I can't emphasize that enough.

Dad asked me to do this on the day he pleads not guilty, as a spectacular protest. A…. ? It's so watery. And yet there's a smack of ham to it. I should be in this Poof. O-kay, who'd like a banger in the mouth?

Well, I spent so much time making sweet love on my wife that it's hard to hear anything over the clatter of her breasts. I think that's one of Mom's little fibs, you know, like I'll sacrifice anything for my children. Annhog's coming? Let me give that oatmeal some brown sugar. Do the right thing here. String this blind girl along so that dad doesn't have to pay his debt to society. You stay on top of her Buddy. Don't be afraid to ride her. Hard.

Everything they do is so dramatic and flamboyant. It just makes me want to set myself on fire. - Lucille Bluth. I was once called the worst audience participant Cirque du Soleil ever had. Are you aware of this? Coming soon. Indeed.

You can always tell a Milford man. I hate the Wetlands. They're stupid and wet, and there are bugs everywhere, and I think I maced a crane. Turn this skiff around!

I think I might have someone who's going to circumvrent the law. I think I might have someone who's going to circumvrent the law. Her lawyers are claiming the seal is worth $250,000. And that's not even including Buster's Swatch. Yeah, like anyone would want to R her.

Wow. We're just blowing through nap time, aren't we. I don't want no part of yo tight-ass country club, ya freak bitch! If you're suggesting I play favorites, you're wrong. I love all of my children equally. I don't care for Gob. Did you know that more frozen bananas are sold right here on this boardwalk than anywhere on the OC?

I don't criticize you! And if you're worried about criticism, sometimes a diet is the best defense. Speaking of settling, How's Ann? I deceived you, mom. Tricked makes it sound like we have a playful relationship. I don't want no part of yo tight-ass country-club, ya freak bitch! Are you at all concerned about an uprising? But I'm the oldest. The matriarch if you will. Mister gay is bleeding! Mister gay! There's been a lot of lying in this family. And a lot of love! More lies.

You're a good guy, mon frere. That means brother in French. I don't know how I know that. I took four years of Spanish. It's, like, Hey, you want to go down to the whirlpool? Yeah, I don't have a husband. I call it Swing City. Ohhh little guy. The tears aren't coming. The tears just aren't coming.

Here he comes. Here comes John Wayne. I am going to my spin class. I thought you had vertigo.

Friday night. Let me give that oatmeal some brown sugar. [Stabbing Gob] White power! Gob: I'm white! I'm not a prostitute. Michael: Then I shall let you live! If you didn't have adult onset diabetes, I wouldn't mind giving you a little sugar. Mom always taught us to curl up in a ball and remain motionless when confronted. ♪♪ It ain't easy being white. It ain't easy being brown. ♪♪ I'm gonna build me an airport, put my name on it. Why, Michael? So you can fly away from your feelings?

Annhog's coming? Sweet old thing. Only two of those words describe Mom, so I know you're lying to me. But anyhoo, can you believe that the only reason the club is going under is because it's in a terrifying neighborhood? I'm a scholar. I enjoy scholarly pursuits. Suddenly playing with yourself is a scholarly pursuit? Let the great experiment begin! Stack the chafing dishes outside by the mailbox. I'm on the job. I just don't want him to point out my cracker ass in front of Ann. I know what an erection feels like, Michael.

Sure, let the little fruit do it. HUZZAH! She's a contestant. It's sorta like an inner beauty pageant. Ah, there it is. If this were a Lifetime Moment of Truth movie, this would be our act break. But it wasn't.

Coo coo ca chaw. Coo coo ca chaw. Coo coo ca chaw. Oh please. They didn't sneak into this country to be your friends. Mister gay is bleeding! Mister gay! Boy, I sure feel like a Mary without a Peter and a Paul. Those are balls. Buster, what are you doing with mother's rape-horn? We all need to pick a day to try and make trend. I've made a huge tiny mistake.

It just seems like there's still light coming in from under the door. This is not what it looks like. It looks like you're tweaking her nipples through a chain-link fence. If that man's straight, then I am sober. The worst that could happen is that I could spill coffee all over this $3,000 suit. COME ON. Well, OK, have sex with this girl. Right now. Get in there, have some sex with her.

I've always been deeply passionate about nature. Perhaps you remember Neuterfest? M: I'll never forget your wedding. That's so you can videotape it when they put you in a naked pyramid and point to your Charlie Browns. ♪♪ It's The Final Countdown ♪♪ Are you sure this isn't her sister? Mrs Veal: What a lovely thing to say. Michael: That's an awful thing to say. Either I zip down, or he zips up, and that is a mighty long zipper on Mother's Cher jumpsuit. Hey, it was one night of wild passion! Michael: And yet you didn't notice her body? Gob: I like to look in the mirror. Actually, that was a box of Oscar's legally obtained medical marijuana. Primo bud. Real sticky weed. Daddy horny, Michael.

I could use a leather jacket for when I'm on my hog and have to go into a controlled slide. The Army had half a day. We'll have to find something to do so that people can look at you without wanting to kill themselves. Yes, he's like the steel man from The Wizard From Oz. Do you have any idea how often you say the word afraid? Well, I know I used it in the Jacuzzi.

A-coodle-doodle-doo. A-coodle-doodle-doo. ♪♪ And the thought of rubbin' you is getting so exciting. Sky rockets in flight! Afternoon delight! ♪♪ These are my awards, Mother. From Army. The seal is for marksmanship, and the gorilla is for sand racing.