Did you know that more frozen bananas are sold right here on this boardwalk than anywhere in the OC? I didn't mean who… I meant… her? I know, I just call her Annabelle cause she's shaped like a…she's the belle of the ball! Mr. Zuckerkorn, you've been warned about touching. Barry: You said spanking. How could I say no to the woman who gave me chlamydia? No! These are just strippers! Look how hot they are! I call it Tricks –- wait for it – Around The Office.

Friend of mine from college. He also has a boat tho not called the Seaward. I'M A MONSTER!! Even though so many people in this office are begging for it. Buster's in what we like to call a light to no coma. In layman's terms, it might be considered a very heavy nap. How am I supposed to find someone willing to go into that musty old claptrap? I don't want no part of yo' tight-ass country club, ya freak bitch! You might enjoy this. Oh. Em. Gee. That's amazing. Ah, it is a rock, though. Should beat everything. Gob: There's not a lot of logic to it.

That's the first time we were in the shower since our honeymoon. And this time, no tears. Do you guys know where I could get one of those gold necklaces with the T on it? That's a cross. Across from where? Saw this on the highway and almost blue myself. Hop on? Whenever she'd change clothes, she'd make me wait on the balcony until zip-up, and yet anything goes at bath time. Go ahead, touch the cornballer. If I look like a man who made love to his wife last night – it's because I almost did. Mister gay is bleeding! Mister gay! Whoa whoa whoa whoa. Wait. Are you telling me you have a multi-stage trick with hidden identities?

They want to break his legs. It's a good thing he's already got that little scooter. Coo coo ca chaw. Coo coo ca chaw. Coo coo ca chaw. In fact, it was a box of Oscar's legally obtained medical marijuana. Primo bud. Real sticky weed. Yes, he's like the steel man from The Wizard From Oz. Excuse me, do these effectively hide my thunder? Did you know that more frozen bananas are sold right here on this boardwalk than anywhere on the OC? Monday morning. COME ON! Never once touched my per diem. I'd go to Craft Service, get some raw veggies, bacon, Cup-A-Soup…baby, I got a stew goin'.

I run a pretty tight ship around here. With a pool table. It's a gaming ship. What about macaroni – let me finish – salad? They're not gonna strip, right? I told them not to, but I can't guarantee their instincts won't kick in.

No borders, no limits… go ahead, touch the Cornballer… you know best? There's a girl in my soup!

A trick is something a whore does for money…or candy. … or cocaine. Buster's in what we like to call a light to no coma. In laymans terms, it might be considered a very heavy nap.

It's a jetpack, Michael. What could go wrong? I call it Tricks –- wait for it – Around The Office. In fact, it was a box of Oscar's legally obtained medical marijuana. Primo bud. Real sticky weed. The only person that gets Lucille this excited is Gene. Wow. We're just blowing through nap time, aren't we?

Stop it, stop it. This objectification of women has to stop. Michael: It's just Mom and whores. Stop licking my hand, you horse's ass! I'd rather be dead in California than alive in Arizona.

I'm an ideas man, Michael. I think I proved that with "Fuck Mountain." Hair up, glasses off. How am I supposed to find someone willing to go into that musty old claptrap? The only person that gets Lucille this excited is Gene. Actually, that was a box of Oscar's legally obtained medical marijuana. Primo bud. Real sticky weed.